---
Id: 1001
Title: Rant's that should need to be ignored
Author: Rantideb
Tags: Rant's
Abstract: A Random Rant's about my life i would like to not to think about
HeaderImage: /BL-1001/header.jpg
isPublished: true
---
When you pass through bad times, the people you get around you may be the real ones. I'm a very patient person, and I give plenty of second chances, but I am not a saint. I have my limits. After coming out of a bad time, if the people who left me in my worst time, if they come back, I give once, twice, thrice, or more chances to see the better version of themselves. Each person has a story. Each person has a mystery. Each person has a life that no one knows about. You walk around, and all you see are people. You see different faces. Different people from different countries. People from diverse backgrounds. People with different stories. People who suffered a terrible childhood by being abused. People who have been jailed. People who suffered because of their parents' divorce or someone / both died. People who couldn't afford education due to financial problems. People who lost their loved ones. People who suffer from a disease. And people who have beaten cancer. But you'll never know any of these things just by looking at these people. If you can sit and think about how every person you see has a unique story, you'd be surprised. Sometimes such a thought might not cross your mind, but that's the truth. Everyone has a story. It might be a happy story or a sad story. Sometimes these stories can influence a person's views. People who go through different experiences in life learn other things. That's why you should always accept the way people are. You should never judge and
criticize anyone because that someone might have gone through a lot, but you'll never know. You'll never know until it has happened to you. You'll never know how being abused feels like. You'll never know how life is with divorced parents / without parents, or without a mother/father. You'll never know how life is while fighting cancer. And you'll never know who is going through any of that because they wouldn't tell you/it can not be expressed. So you should always be friendly and kind. You should always accept others no matter how different their lives might be. You should always know that every person that you meet has a mysterious story that you might never know about. I had seen the one I loved the most, leaving me in my worst time; when I was in Hospital. I had seen when that person came back into my life again. But I didn’t turn around; I accepted. Ego and attitude make people so rude and arrogant that they forget they are flawed human beings just like everyone else. Egotistical people tend to forget that every person they treat badly is deeply hurt by their behaviour… It never occurs to them that THEY are a source of pain for so many people. When a person is controlled by their own ego, it takes over their mind and their heart… It influences their feelings to a point where they can no longer see or understand anyone else but themselves. To an egotistical person – They are always right. No one is interested in how good, or bad days I am passing. I’m quirky, silly, blunt, and broken. My days are sometimes too dark, and my nights are sometimes too long. I often trip over my own insecurities. I require attention, long for passion, and wish to be desired. I openly communicated my feelings with one, and I got that; that person made fun of me.
I have learned to be grateful even when I feel sad, to think positively when I’m surrounded by negativity, to hold fast to faith even when I feel hopeless, to accept love even when I feel unlovable; because despite all the noise in my head that tells me my life is over, the sun shows up every morning and shines, reminding me that I can surely do the same. I know, life goes on. 
I have loved. I have lost, and I have changed. It has been difficult, but I have learned so much from it. I have learned that people can hurt you so deeply and not even worry about you. I knew that reasonable people can change in a minute when their hearts have been broken. I'm so bad at keeping in touch with people if we don't talk anymore. Just know I love you. I just suck at communicating like a regular person. I've met great people but mean people as well. But the most important thing I have learned is that every person in this world is strong enough to let go. People come and go, and that's life! The most important thing is to stand up and realize that you deserve something better than someone who gives up on you.
Let them judge me. Let them misunderstand. Let them gossip about me. Their opinions aren't my problem. It’s okay to say no. It’s okay to say no to someone you love. It’s okay to say no to a friend. It’s okay to say no to a parent or child. It’s okay to say no to a job or relationship. And it’s okay to say no to a person who’s romantically interested in you. Even if it hurts someone’s feelings, even if you disappoint people, even if you’re judged and ostracised — it’s okay to say no to anything and anyone that causes you pain or makes you uncomfortable. You’re allowed to put yourself first. You’re allowed to set limits and boundaries. And you deserve to make your happiness and well-being a priority. You don’t ever have to settle for something or someone that doesn’t feel right. And you definitely don’t have to compromise yourself for the sake of making other people happy. You have to take care of yourself, and if that means saying no, it’s more than okay. 
I have stammering issues, and I am always facing humiliation for it. But, I am okay with myself and my profound disability. 
The moment we stop humanely and organically interacting with someone is when we become perfect strangers. Just a moment ago, you people were sharing everything, and now- nothing.
Even if you try connecting digitally, it doesn't happen much. Maybe texts come for a day or two; calls swing by the third day at max. But that's it. The amount of concern, warmth, care, happiness and love one gives to someone as they regularly interact just disappears, from the point they stop meeting in person.
When you talk to someone in person, sit or lie down together in person, crack inside jokes in person, laugh together in person, look at starry skies together in person, share things in person, it is when you care for that person. But without the organic meets, that person is no one. Internet friends? Who're they? Just angsty escapes, nothing else. Don't be too much dependent on digital friends.
Connections matter, the real organic ones. Keep them. Cherish them. Value them. And don't forget them.
